hey YouTube okay I really quickly just
want to show you guys a really neat
trick I'm gonna call this a nitish trick
for unwinding your yarn if you're
putting in genie locks I'm a knitter I
like to knit and I've been knitting for
a few years now so it's something that I
automatically do with any type of yarn
any ball of yarn that I get but I
realized as I'm putting in my new genie
locks that a lot of people probably
don't know this and this is actually
gonna save you a lot of time and a lot
of just unnecessary work for if you pre
measure your yarn I don't but if you do
or if you don't like me this is gonna
save you a lot of time if you don't
already know this if you're a knitter
I'm pretty sure you know this already
but there are a lot of people out there
who don't so I'm just going to show you
this really quickly and it's about how
to unravel your yarn okay so I've been
going at it as you can see but I just
thought about this I bought the Super
Saver red heart and I bought the extra
big one the one that's like five dollars
but it's like you get more than twice as
much yarn in this one anyways if you buy
a ball or a stain of yarn oftentimes
people will just rip the label off and
then pull the yarn from the first end
that they see on the outside and I want
to discourage you from doing that the
way that I was taught the way that my
mother taught me anytime I'm knitting a
project and especially now that I'm
putting de locks in and I'm using yarn
you want to pull from the inside in from
the inside so there are two edges on a
ball of yarn if you buy a ball of yarn
from Joanne's fabrics or Walmart
wherever you getting your yarn if it's
like this the Super Saver red heart then
it's gonna have an inside edge an
outside edge so don't immediately rip
the label off and then just look and
then just pull from the outside because
what happens is your yarn gets easily
tangled that way
and plus the ball keep spinning
everytime it's too much work so there
should be and I've already pulled it out
because I've been doing it already but
there is a line that goes directly I
don't know if you guys can see it but
inside into the middle if you pull from
that inside edge it naturally unwinds
the yarn and that reduces you don't get
tangles that way it reduces the amount
of tangles that you get if any what
usually you don't so you won't get
tangles it's easier for you to measure
the arm because you can just keep
pulling it straight out keep pulling it
keep pulling it and it naturally unwinds
from the inside and that's a really just
neat trick that I wanted to tell
everybody I'm sorry I couldn't do it a
little better because I've already been
using my yarn but yeah you want to pull
it from the inside edge so just look for
it and if you usually you can usually
find it very easily it's usually like in
the middle but wherever your yarn is
it's nothing outside so don't just
immediately rip off the label on the
look with the outside edge because that
is how you get tangles and it takes up
too much time seriously if you do it
that way so I really I'm sorry that this
is getting a little gross but I just
really want to show you guys that as a
knitter it's something that I've always
done if I'm working on a project or
whatever because it keeps your yard neat
it also keeps a table free and now that
I'm using yarn for my hair I wanted to
share that with you guys in case you
didn't know just so you can get done
faster you can get done faster without a
lot of fuss it's a really neat trick and
just dawned on me that there are a lot
of people out there who might not know
about it so I just wanted to let you
know we get your yarn if it comes round
if it comes in a ball which usually if
you buy yarn from jo-ann fabrics or
Walmart then it does they like the
cheaper yarns usually come already wound
so if it's like a ball like that then
you just want to look for the inside the
inside edge I guess you would call it I
don't really know but you want to look
for that one the one nest that you can
pull
and the yarn on once from the inside not
unwinding from the outside because
that'll cost tingles and a lot of stress
headaches you don't want that especially
with you know your hair or you needing
anything so I just want to let you guys
know that little trick that little tip
and I'm gonna go back to doing my hair
all right bye